A NETFLIX ORIGINAL ANIME SERIES
[Japanese heavy metal music playing]
DESIGN AND PRODUCTION
NETFLIX
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
DIRECTED BY CHIAKI KON
EPISODE 25
It's a one-time job.
I trust that a man
with your skills can handle it.
If the pay's good, then count me in.
I ain't worked in ages.
When can I start?
CAFE JINGI TEI
[ominous music plays]
[bell on door jingles]
Gentlemen, welcome.
Don't let him make a fool of you.
I want you to round up the young blood
and give him a scare.
Yes, sir.
Hello, gentlemen.
[both gasp]
Ain't seen you around here before, pal.
You could say
my employment here is temporary.
You two know what you'd like
to order today?
Yeah, uh, I'll have this.
I ain't never seen
a bouncer in this joint.
First, my boss sent over some beans
with your name on 'em.
BULLETS = BEANS
-[both] Beans?!
-Ah! Roast beans.
Allow me.
[milk babbles]
[chuckles] Yeah.
-[meows]
-Your latte, sir.
Aw! A kitty cat.
Hey, I didn't order this!
Oh, uh, that's mine.
What did you order
latte art for, you idiot?
[meekly] Uh, I'm sorry!
Huh! On top of this shit,
you ain't even making money.
I… I'll do better.
-Who had the rice omelet?
-Oh, yeah, that's mine.
-You're just here to stuff your face?
-Sorry, boss!
-[bold music plays]
-[both gasp]
GANGSTA
Just for you.
[young yakuza] Nice! "Gangsta!"
-What?
-[water splashes]
You takin' the piss outta me, are you?
-Huh?
-[meekly] No.
[dramatic music plays]
Huh?
Who ordered our specialty,
the giant strawberry parfait?
[young man] He just raised his hand.
-Mm!
-Aw!
[both] Mm.
[bell on door jingles]
Pleasure doing business with you.
[gentle music plays]
[footsteps receding]
[both] Who the hell was that guy?
Thanks for you hard work, Tatsu.
Take it, you earned it.
[chuckles] Thanks, boss.
[Tatsu] Now I've got enough
to get Miku a present.
[cafe owner] The Way of The Househusband.
EPISODE 26
[door closes]
[sighs] Overtime's wearing me out.
Hey, boss!
-Congrats on making it out of the pen!
-[Miku] God, he's loud.
You've been coming home
looking so beat lately.
So I cooked up something special for you.
What'd you do?
[Tatsu] Ginseng salad, porridge
with black rice, millet, and lotus seeds,
black jelly ears and pine nuts
tossed in dressing,
chicken and star anise soup,
kinshinsai and spinach
pickled in goji vinegar,
fennel and jujube pork stir-fry.
[Miku] Wow!
I don't get it.
All this stuff in front of you here
is gonna give you a boost.
[Miku] Food is medicine?
Bon appétit.
It's nice and mild
and surprisingly soothing.
Mm.
It feels like everything is warming me up
from the inside out.
The flavors are subtle
yet they stimulate the appetite.
Only there's too much of it.
[Miku laughs]
Oh, I'm stuffed.
Man, all this overtime
is really wearing on me.
Hmm. I got just the thing you need.
Huh?
[bold music plays]
One hit of this and you'll be flying high.
Citric acid.
Mix it with honey and you get lemonade.
The acidity from lemons
and other stuff like that
is perfect for tiredness.
[gulps]
[Miku] Yep, that's lemonade.
[Tatsu] Oh, I ain't done yet.
What's in there?
[blade swishes]
[Miku] What's that? Huh?
Hey, I can't see.
-Stop.
-[Tatsu] Be quiet.
Just listen.
[gentle swishing]
You've got a wire scalp massager
on your head
and a heated eye mask over your eyes.
You've got bubble wrap
to pop with your fingers
and a massage mat for your feet.
These red beans produce
the soothing sound of the sea.
And there's a cat on your lap.
It's too much! My whole body's panicking.
Wait a minute.
You gotta get some citric acid in ya.
-[cat meows]
-Hey, don't chew on that wire.
[screams]
Free at last!
Whoo-hoo!
[Tatsu] That's exactly what my old boss
said when he got out of the slammer.
Whoo-hoo!
The guy on TV
said this would work wonders.
[Miku] I'm gonna take a bath.
[Tatsu] Huh. Is this thing plugged in?
Miku, can you have a look?
Miku?
That's better.
-[Tatsu sighs happily]
-[cat meows]
[Miku] Wow. He's happy.
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 27
[gentle music plays]
TODAY'S SPECIAL DEAL
SPINACH
Doing time in the pen, are you?
[woman] Could you do this, Mrs. Torii?
The older products need
to be replaced with fresh ones.
Could you put the stickers on?
HALF PRICE
I see. So you're asking me
to stick it to 'em?
[woman] Sure, let's go with that.
[Mrs. Torii] You're all half-price now.
I guess you lost your edge, hmm?
[Tatsu] The Torii Group boss lady.
Hmm. You!
Aren't you the Immortal Dragon?
[both] In an apron?
[Tatsu] Hibari Torii,
matriarch of the Torii Group,
highly regarded by members and outsiders
for her beauty and caliber.
What the heck is she doing here?
Hold it!
[sticker sticks]
That's half off.
Skimming off the top, aren't you?
Wait, Mrs. Torii, don't stick those
on products from that case!
After my husband passed last year,
we shut down our group.
[clattering]
We have no cash, no connections.
So it falls on me to take care of the guys
who have nothing else and stuck around.
[menacing music plays]
[Tatsu grunts softly]
-Huh.
-[cans clatter]
How dare you mock me?!
This is my meal ticket!
Don't mess with me.
And don't muscle in on my territory!
I've just got one piece of advice.
This one belongs in the pasta aisle.
[both] Oh.
[man] Great, boss! A call to action.
[Torii] I know.
[cash register beeping]
[footsteps approach]
[cart thuds]
Is it true you walked away…
One 200 yen item.
…from the yakuza life after…
One 90 yen item.
…what went down?
One 120 yen item.
I'm a full-time househusband now.
I see. Need a bag?
Nope. I have my own bag.
One last thing, ma'am.
You rang this item up twice. Uh…
[Torii] What?
-[knuckles crack]
-You trying to disrespect our boss? Huh?
-See here?
-So fucking what?
Hold it.
We still must follow the code.
Bow your heads!
Damn it.
-[man] But boss!
-[cash register rings]
All right, we're square.
Oh, and one last thing. I forgot
to bring my points card with me.
Ha!
Next time you come in,
bring the receipt and I'll stamp it!
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 28
-[doorbell rings]
-[Miku] Just a sec.
[dramatic music plays]
[both] What?!
Ho… How do you do?
My name's Masa, ma'am.
I am Tatsu's sworn younger brother
and student.
Oh! So you're Masa.
Nice to meet you, I'm Miku.
What brings me here today is the boss's…
-You know.
-[Miku gasps]
[both] His birthday!
Tacchan's gone shopping
and to a neighborhood meeting.
He won't be back until later,
so I'm decorating
the place while he's out,
and baking him a cake
as a birthday surprise.
Well, well, well, let's do it.
I'd be happy to help, boss lady.
Really? That'd be so great.
I was just slicing
some fruit for the cake.
[Masa] Uh… Uh, wait a sec, boss lady.
How about I do that part?
Huh? You sure?
[grunts softly]
Uh, uh…
-Ah.
-[Miku] Too slow.
-[knife bangs]
-Gotta be faster and really whack 'em.
Hold on a minute.
Should we maybe guugle it?
FLOUR
[cat meows]
[sizzling]
-[cat snarls]
-[groans]
[door creaks]
I'm home. Huh?
[dramatic music plays]
What the hell happened?!
[snapping]
[both weakly] Happy birthday.
We… We screwed up.
So that's what went down here, eh?
Don't worry! I'll avenge you!
Wow! Way to go, Tacchan.
You nailed it, boss man.
♪ Happy birthday to me ♪
♪ Happy birthday dear me ♪
-♪ Happy birthday to me ♪
-[clapping rhythmically]
-Wait, this cake is--
-Yeah.
I remade it with what I could save
from your creation.
You worked hard on it
so I didn't want to waste it.
-Tacchan!
-[laughs]
A very happy birthday to you.
Happy birthday, boss!
-[Miku] I got you new shades.
-[Masa] And the bling is from me.
BOSS
[chuckles] How do I look?
Uh… Yeah.
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
BOSS
EPISODE 29
[mysterious music plays]
Mm-mm.
Hey, boss.
[sighs] Tatsu.
-[dog pants]
-Been awhile, huh?
I ain't seen your mug
since you left the family.
I'm sorry for all the trouble
I caused you back then, boss.
-[dog whines]
-Ah, relax.
I'm retired, I'm not a yakuza anymore.
There's no need to be so formal with me.
Yes, sir.
I got something to discuss with you today.
Did you know you could use rubber gloves
to remove dog hair from your threads?
Huh.
Anyway, let's sit down.
Now then, how things been going for you?
How's your health?
Yeah, been doing all right.
Now I'm a full-time househusband.
[boss] Good, good.
Wait. A househusband?
Yes, sir, and I brought
some goods you might like.
What goods?
Took up sewing recently and made this.
Nice. Fits like a glove.
Aw, who's a cute wittle doggy?
You are, Pinky! Yes, you are.
He made you a little sweater!
Who's a lucky doggy?
I even added some ribbing to it
to give it a little bit of style.
-[dog panting]
-[camera app clicking]
Ahem.
Uh, you've gone a bit soft there, kid.
It's the Immortal Dragon
I want to talk to today.
Oh, hi! How are you, Tatsu?
[Tatsu] Uh, boss lady! Ma'am.
We've been shopping
while walking our dogs.
[boss] Oh, it's a golden retriever!
[woman] Who might this gentleman be?
[chairperson] Oh,
what a darling Jack Russell.
[gasps] Oh, dear.
Your Jack Russell looks
a bit underweight to me.
Hmm, yeah, well, the truth is
my Pinky hasn't been eating much recently.
But you still eat your treats, don't you?
Did wittle Pinky
get fed up with that dry food?
Hey, boss. I might have just the thing.
Ah, damn it! I ain't got the tools here.
Tatsu, if you need ingredients, I got 'em.
-Would a camping stove help?
-[Tatsu] What?
-We're in business!
-[both gasp]
The important thing is liquids.
The stock from the Shijimi clam
contains ornithine,
which detoxifies the liver.
Choose the right amount according
to the dog's condition and weight,
and chop your ingredients
while making the stock.
Incorporate some dietary fibers
and vitamins.
Add your ingredients to the stock.
Finish it off with some toppings,
and here's your special doggy
chicken and rice
and Shijimi-clam-stock meal.
[whines]
[munching]
I'll be damned, she's eating it.
You're a lucky girl, eh, Pinky?
All right!
Very impressive work, Tatsu.
[Tatsu] I couldn't have done it
without you, ladies.
[boss] Uh…
[dog whines happily]
-Let's go.
-Huh?
[yakuza] Wait. You're not gonna tell him
someone higher up in the organization
wants to recruit him?
Nah.
This is where he belongs now.
Does he have sugar
on his face or something?
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 30
[garbage rustling]
[sighs] Huh?
[Torii] What are you up to, kid?
Are you all alone too?
[meows]
Don't look at me like that.
Strays gotta be strong to survive.
[chuckles]
-[fabric rustles]
-[cat whimpers]
[cat panting]
Hmm.
[breathes excitedly]
[Torii] Meow.
[Torii gulps]
Mi… Mi… M…
Mind your own damn business!
[closing theme music playing]